## Hot Chocolate

Lily found consciousness after a good night's rest the next morning. Once again, it felt weird to be sleeping in an actual bed. But, man, was it appreciated.  She pulled the warm, thick blanket a little tighter around herself as she waited to feel more alive.

The sound of something else shifting on the bed reminded her: Agent 4 was home. She gently turned onto her back and looked over. Sure enough, there she was, right next to her even, fast asleep. She obviously needed the rest more than she did.

Lily debated whether or not to read through her phone while she woke. That decision was made for her, as her friend stirred from the movement. She watched, somewhat shyly as Agent 4 slowly came to, shifting gently and eventually opening her eyes to see her friend. "Hey," she said softly, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. "What's the time?"

Lily reached behind her for her squid phone. "About nine-thirty, apparently. You been home long?"

"Mm. Six hours sleep ain't too bad considering." Four yawned. "Have you been awake for very long?"

"Nah, actually. Sorry if I woke you just now turning over."

"It's fine. It's just, y'know, really nice to be sharing this bed with someone."

Lily let a slight blush cross her cheeks. "Yeah. Just... Really comforting."

Agent Four sighed happily, and leaned in to rest against her friend. This did not help the blushing situation. "I'm just... so glad to be back home." She took a breath. "And glad to have someone to share my home with."

Lily smiled, and held her close, assuming she was OK with this. "Thank you for letting me stay here for the last few nights."

"It's really not a problem. Once we get you trained up in Turf Wars and making some cash, I can help ya look for a place of your own if you like."

"You really are too kind, Fo-- ...uh. Huh..." Lily realised quite suddenly that there was a bit of an issue.

"...What? Lily?"

"...I only know you as Agent Four, I just realised."

"What? How...?"

"I... I don't think you ever needed to tell me your name..."

They both stared at each other for a few awkward moments, and then burst out in laughter.

"Oh, that's ridiculous. I love it." Four rubbed her eyes as she calmed down. "My real name is Lorne. It's, ah, a pleasure to meet you." She stuck out her hand, offering a handshake. Lily shook it firmly, and they both laughed some more.

"Shall we get up yet? Do we need to?"

"Nah... Let me savor this," Lorne replied. "I earned this bedrest, thank you very much." 